Add ASA Projects (#1512)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/asa/projects/index.md

#### Request body

This endpoint has no request body.

#### Response body
This endpoint returns an object with the following fields and a `200` code on a successful call.
| Properties | Type        | Description          |
|----------|-------------|----------------------|
| `account_id`   | string | The provider-specific account ID. |
| `description`   | string | (optional) Human-readable description of the Cloud Account. |
| `id`   | string | UUID of the Cloud Account. |
| `provider`   | string | A Cloud provider. For now, only accepts `aws` or `gce`, case sensitive. |

#### Usage example

##### Request

```bash
curl -v -X POST \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${jwt}" \
https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/projects/${project_name}/cloud_accounts
```

##### Response

```json
{
	"account_id": "123456789012",
	"description": "Dev AWS account",
	"id": "bf63a63e-c4da-4047-b75f-0c2053da88d0",
	"provider": "aws"
}
```
### Remove a Cloud Account from a Project

<ApiOperation method="DELETE" url="https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/projects/${project_name}/cloud_accounts/${cloud_account_id}" />
This endpoint removes a Cloud Account from a Project.

> This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint requires the `access_admin` role.
```

| `server_group_name`   | string | If `create_server_group` is true, the name of the server group. |
| `unix_gid`   | number | If `create_server_group` is true, the GID of the server group created. |

#### Usage example

##### Request

```bash
curl -v -X GET \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${jwt}" \
https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/projects/${project_name}/groups/${group_name}
```

##### Response

```json
{
	"create_server_group": true,
	"deleted_at": null,
	"group": "compsons",
	"group_id": "7b4157e2-253b-4cd1-9e3a-b9f61a0f50e9",
	"id": null,
	"name": "compsons",
	"profile_attributes": {
		"unix_gid": 63000,
		"unix_group_name": "sft_compsons",
		"windows_group_name": "sft_compsons"
	},
	"project": "",
	"removed_at": null,
	"server_access": false,
	"server_admin": true,
	"server_group_name": null,
	"unix_gid": null
}
```
### Remove an ASA Group from a Project

<ApiOperation method="DELETE" url="https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/projects/${project_name}/groups/${group_name}" />
This endpoint removes an ASA Group from a Project. This does not delete the ASA Group.

> This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint requires the `access_admin` role. 
```

#### Request path parameters

| Parameter | Type        | Description   |
| --------- | ----------- | ------------- |
| `group_name`   | string | The ASA Group name. |
| `project_name`   | string | The Project name. |
| `team_name`   | string | The name of your Team. |

#### Request query parameters

This endpoint has no query parameters.

#### Request body

This endpoint has no request body.

#### Response body
This endpoint returns a `204 No Content` response on a successful call.

#### Usage example

##### Request

```bash
curl -v -X DELETE \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${jwt}" \
https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/projects/${project_name}/groups/${group_name}
```

##### Response

```json
HTTP 204 No Content
```
### Change the Project properties of an ASA Project Group

<ApiOperation method="PUT" url="https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/projects/${project_name}/groups/${group_name}" />
Updates the Project-level details for an ASA Project Group.

> This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint requires the `access_admin` role.
```

| `id`   | string | The UUID that corresponds to the Server Enrollment Token. |
| `issued_at`   | string | Time of creation. |
| `token`   | object | A token used to enroll an ASA Server. |

#### Usage example

##### Request

```bash
curl -v -X POST \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${jwt}" \
https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/projects/${project_name}/server_enrollment_tokens
--data '{
    "id": null,
    "token": null,
    "created_by_user": null,
    "issued_at": null,
    "description": "Test Server Enrollment Token"
}'

```

##### Response

```json
{
    "id": "b6519474-6ca2-4fac-bc81-b334d9a103cd",
    "token": "eyJzIjoiYjY1MTk0NzQtNmNhMi00ZmFjLWJjODEtYjMzNGQ5YTEwM2NkIiwidSI6Imh0dHBzOi8vZGV2LnN1ZG8ud3RmOjg0NDMifQ==",
    "created_by_user": "william.faulkner",
    "issued_at": "2020-10-02T06:54:46.910552Z",
    "description": "Test Server Enrollment Token"
}

```
### Fetch a Server Enrollment Token from a Project

<ApiOperation method="GET" url="https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/projects/${project_name}/server_enrollment_tokens/${server_enrollment_token_id}" />

> This endpoint lists the Server Enrollment Tokens in a Project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lists the Server Enrollment Tokens in a Project
```

> This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `server_enrollment_token_viewer`, `access_user`, `access_admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `server_enrollment_token_viewer`, `access_user`, or `access_admin`.
```

| `created_by_user`   | string | The ASA User that created this Server Enrollment Token. |
| `description`   | string | A human-readable description of why this Server Enrollment Token was created. |
| `id`   | string | The UUID that corresponds to the Server Enrollment Token. |
| `issued_at`   | string | Time of creation. |
| `token`   | object | A token used to enroll an ASA Server. |

#### Usage example

##### Request

```bash
curl -v -X GET \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${jwt}" \
https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/projects/${project_name}/server_enrollment_tokens/${server_enrollment_token_id}
```

##### Response

```json
{
    "id": "b6519474-6ca2-4fac-bc81-b334d9a103cd",
    "token": "eyJzIjoiYjY1MTk0NzQtNmNhMi00ZmFjLWJjODEtYjMzNGQ5YTEwM2NkIiwidSI6Imh0dHBzOi8vZGV2LnN1ZG8ud3RmOjg0NDMifQ==",
    "created_by_user": "william.faulkner",
    "issued_at": "2020-10-02T06:54:46.910552Z",
    "description": "Test Server Enrollment Token"
}
```
### Delete a Server Enrollment Token from a Project

<ApiOperation method="DELETE" url="https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/projects/${project_name}/server_enrollment_tokens/${server_enrollment_token_id}" />

> This endpoint deletes a Server Enrollment Tokens from a Project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deletes a Server Enrollment Tokens from a Project
```

This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_admin`.

#### Request path parameters

| Parameter | Type        | Description   |
| --------- | ----------- | ------------- |
| `project_name`   | string | The Project name. |
| `server_enrollment_token_id`   | string | The UUID of the Server Enrollment Token. |
| `team_name`   | string | The name of your Team. |

#### Request query parameters

This endpoint has no query parameters.

#### Request body

This endpoint has no request body.

#### Response body
This endpoint returns a `204 No Content` response on a successful call.

#### Usage example

##### Request

```bash
curl -v -X DELETE \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${jwt}" \
https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/projects/${project_name}/server_enrollment_tokens/${server_enrollment_token_id}
```

##### Response

```json
HTTP 204 No Content
```
### List Server Users in a Project

<ApiOperation method="GET" url="https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/projects/${project_name}/server_users" />

> List all the Server Users in a Project. A Server User is a representation of a given ASA User that that will be created on an end server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List all the Server Users in a Project. A Server User is a representation of a given ASA User that is created on an end server.
```

> This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_user`, `access_admin`, `reporting_user`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_user`, `access_admin`, or `reporting_user`.
```

#### Request path parameters

| Parameter | Type        | Description   |
| --------- | ----------- | ------------- |
| `project_name`   | string | The Project name. |
| `team_name`   | string | The name of your Team. |

#### Request query parameters

This endpoint has no query parameters.

#### Request body

This endpoint has no request body.

#### Response body
This endpoint returns a list of objects with the following fields and a `200` code on a successful call.
| Properties | Type        | Description          |
|----------|-------------|----------------------|

> | `admin`   | boolean | True if Server User has sudo permissions. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `admin`   | boolean | True if the Server User has sudo permissions |
```
Please do this for all `admin` table entries in this section.

> | `id`   | string | UUID of Server User API object. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `id`   | string | UUID of Server User API object |
```
Please do this for all `id` table entries in this section.

> | `server_user_name`   | string | The username that will be realized on Unix servers. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `server_user_name`   | string | The username that is used on Unix servers. |
```
Please do this for all `server_user_name` table entries in this section.

> | `status`   | string | Status of the Server User. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `status`   | string | Status of the Server User |
```
Please do this for all `status` table entries in this section.

> | `type`   | string | Whether this is a Service or human user. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `type`   | string | Whether this is a Service or human user |
```
Please do this for all `type` table entries in this section.

> | `unix_gid`   | number | Unix GID of the Server User. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `unix_gid`   | number | Unix GID of the Server User.|
```
Please do this for all `unix_gid` table entries in this section.

> | `unix_uid`   | number | Unix UID of the Server User. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `unix_uid`   | number | Unix UID of the Server User |
```
Please do this for all `unix_uid` table entries in this section.

| `user_name`   | string | The username of the corresponding ASA User. |

> | `windows_server_user_name`   | string | The username that will be realized on Windows servers. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `windows_server_user_name`   | string | The username that is used on Windows servers. |
```
Please do this for all `windows_server_user_name` table entries in this section.

#### Usage example

##### Request

```bash
curl -v -X GET \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${jwt}" \
https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/projects/${project_name}/server_users
```

##### Response

```json
{
	"list": [
		{
			"admin": true,
			"id": "d293bf8e-c541-4f90-8506-6f6651778882",
			"server_user_name": "benjy",
			"status": "ACTIVE",
			"type": "human",
			"unix_gid": 63001,
			"unix_uid": 60001,
			"user_name": "benjycompson",
			"windows_server_user_name": "benjy"
		},
		{
			"admin": false,
			"id": "eae43069-d3fe-4f17-ac2f-d2d5f4d5abd1",
			"server_user_name": "quentin",
			"status": "DELETED",
			"type": "human",
			"unix_gid": 63002,
			"unix_uid": 60002,
			"user_name": "quentincompson",
			"windows_server_user_name": "quentin"
		}
	]
}
```
### Fetch Server User for a Project

<ApiOperation method="GET" url="https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/projects/${project_name}/server_users/${user_name}" />

> Fetch a specific Server User for a Project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fetches a specific Server User for a Project
```

> This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_user`, `access_admin`, `reporting_user`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_user`, `access_admin`, or `reporting_user`.
```

| `id`   | string | UUID of Server User API object. |
| `server_user_name`   | string | The username that will be realized on Unix servers. |
| `status`   | string | Status of the Server User. |
| `type`   | string | Whether this is a Service or human user. |
| `unix_gid`   | number | Unix GID of the Server User. |
| `unix_uid`   | number | Unix UID of the Server User. |
| `user_name`   | string | The username of the corresponding ASA User. |
| `windows_server_user_name`   | string | The username that will be realized on Windows servers. |

#### Usage example

##### Request

```bash
curl -v -X GET \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${jwt}" \
https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/projects/${project_name}/server_users/${user_name}
```

##### Response

```json
{
	"list": {
		"admin": true,
		"id": "d293bf8e-c541-4f90-8506-6f6651778882",
		"server_user_name": "benjy",
		"status": "ACTIVE",
		"type": "human",
		"unix_gid": 63001,
		"unix_uid": 60001,
		"user_name": "benjycompson",
		"windows_server_user_name": "benjy"
	}
}
```
### List Servers in a Project

<ApiOperation method="GET" url="https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/projects/${project_name}/servers" />

> List the Servers enrolled in this Project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lists the Servers enrolled in this Project
```

> This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_user`, `access_admin`, `server_admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_user`, `access_admin`, or `server_admin`.
```

#### Request path parameters

| Parameter | Type        | Description   |
| --------- | ----------- | ------------- |
| `project_name`   | string | The Project name. |
| `team_name`   | string | The name of your Team. |

#### Request query parameters

This endpoint has no query parameters.

#### Request body

This endpoint has no request body.

#### Response body
This endpoint returns a list of objects with the following fields and a `200` code on a successful call.
| Properties | Type        | Description          |
|----------|-------------|----------------------|

> | `alt_names`   | array | (Optional) Alternative names of the Server. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `alt_names`   | array | (Optional) Alternative names for the Server |
```
Please do this for all `alt_names` table entries in this section.

> | `bastion`   | string | Specifies the bastion-host Clients will automatically use when connecting to this host. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `bastion`   | string | Specifies the bastion host that Clients automatically use when connecting to this host |
```
Please do this for all `bastion` table entries in this section.

> | `canonical_name`   | string | Specifies the name Clients should use/see when connecting to this host. Overrides the name found with hostname. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `canonical_name`   | string | Specifies the name that Clients should use/see when connecting to this host. Overrides the name found with hostname. |
```
Please do this for all `canonical_name` table entries in this section.

> | `cloud_provider`   | string | The cloud provider of the Server, if one exists. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cloud_provider`   | string | The cloud provider of the Server, if one exists |
```
Please do this for all `cloud_provider` table entries in this section.

> | `deleted_at`   | string | The time the Server was deleted from the Project. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `deleted_at`   | string | The time the Server was deleted from the Project |
```
Please do this for all `deleted_at` table entries in this section.

> | `hostname`   | string | The hostname of the Server. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `hostname`   | string | The hostname of the Server |
```
Please do this for all `hostname` table entries in this section.

> | `id`   | string | The UUID corresponding to the Server. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `id`   | string | The UUID corresponding to the Server |
```
Please do this for all `id` table entries in this section.

> | `instance_details`   | object | Information the cloud provider provides of the Server, if one exists. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `instance_details`   | object | Information that the cloud provider provides about the Server, if one exists |
```
Please do this for all `instance_details` table entries in this section.

> | `last_seen`   | string | The last time the Server made a request to the ASA platform. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `last_seen`   | string | The last time that the Server made a request to the ASA platform |
```
Please do this for all `last_seen` table entries in this section.

> | `managed`   | boolean | True if the Server is managed by 'sftd'. Unmanaged Servers are used in configurations where users may have a bastion, for example, that they don't want/can't connect to through 'sftd'. With an Unmanaged Server record to represent this box, ASA will know it exists and to use it as a bastion hop. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `managed`   | boolean | True if the Server is managed by 'sftd'. Unmanaged Servers are used in configurations where users may have a bastion, for example, that they don't want/can't connect to through 'sftd'. With an Unmanaged Server record to represent this box, ASA knows that it exists and to use it as a bastion hop. |
```
Please do this for all `managed` table entries in this section.

> | `os`   | string | The particular OS of the Server, such as CentOS 6 or Debian 9.13 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `os`   | string | The particular OS of the Server, such as CentOS 6 or Debian 9.13 |
```
Please do this for all `os` table entries in this section.

> | `os_type`   | string | The OS family the Server is running. Can be either be Linux or Windows. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `os_type`   | string | The OS family where the Server is running. Can be either Linux or Windows. |
```
Please do this for all `os_type` table entries in this section.

> | `project_name`   | string | The Project that the Server belongs to. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `project_name`   | string | The Project that the Server belongs to |
```
Please do this for all `project_name` table entries in this section.

> | `registered_at`   | string | The time the Server was registered to the Project. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `registered_at`   | string | The time that the Server was registered to the Project |
```
Please do this for all `registered_at` table entries in this section.

> | `services`   | array | The service Clients use to connect to the Server. Can either be `ssh` or `rdp`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `services`   | array | The service that Clients use to connect to the Server. Can either be `ssh` or `rdp`. |
```
Please do this for all `services` table entries in this section.

> | `sftd_version`   | string | The version of 'sftd' the Server is running. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `sftd_version`   | string | The version of 'sftd' that Server is running |
```
Please do this for all `sftd_version` table entries in this section.

> | `ssh_host_keys`   | array | The host keys used to authenticate the Server. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ssh_host_keys`   | array | The host keys used to authenticate the Server |
```
Please do this for all `ssh_host_keys` table entries in this section.

> | `state`   | string | Can be either `ACTIVE` or `INACTIVE`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `state`   | string | State of the Server: `ACTIVE` or `INACTIVE` |
```
Please do this for all `state` table entries in this section.

| `team_name`   | string | The name of the Team. |

#### Usage example

##### Request

```bash
curl -v -X GET \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${jwt}" \
https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/projects/${project_name}/servers
```

##### Response

```json
{
	"list": [
		{

> 			"access_address": null,

Reviewer: this is not in the response body table above

			"alt_names": null,
			"bastion": null,

> 			"broker_host_certs": null,

Reviewer: this is not in the response body table above

			"instance_details": null,
			"last_seen": "0001-01-01T00:00:00Z",
			"managed": true,
			"os": "Ubuntu 16.04",
			"os_type": "linux",
			"project_name": "the-sound-and-the-fury",
			"registered_at": "0001-01-01T00:00:00Z",
			"services": [
				"ssh"
			],
			"sftd_version": "1.44.4",
			"ssh_host_keys": null,
			"state": "INACTIVE",
			"team_name": "william-faulkner"
		},
		{
			"access_address": null,
			"alt_names": null,
			"bastion": null,
			"broker_host_certs": null,
			"canonical_name": null,
			"cloud_provider": null,
			"deleted_at": "0001-01-01T00:00:00Z",
			"hostname": "jefferson",
			"id": "5c8cf190-c240-435e-b60b-0d6937528ff3",
			"instance_details": null,
			"last_seen": "0001-01-01T00:00:00Z",
			"managed": true,
			"os": "Ubuntu 16.04",
			"os_type": "linux",
			"project_name": "the-sound-and-the-fury",
			"registered_at": "0001-01-01T00:00:00Z",
			"services": [
				"ssh"
			],
			"sftd_version": "1.44.4",
			"ssh_host_keys": null,
			"state": "INACTIVE",
			"team_name": "william-faulkner"
		}
	]
}
```
### Add an Unmanaged Server to a Project

<ApiOperation method="POST" url="https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/projects/${project_name}/servers" />

> Unmanaged Servers don't use Advanced Server Access for authentication, but still receive Client Configuration Options. Create an Unmanaged Server in order to control connection options such port and agent forwarding for your users without requiring `sftd` to manage the Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds an Unmanaged Server to a Project. Unmanaged Servers don't use Advanced Server Access for authentication, but still receive Client Configuration Options. Create an Unmanaged Server to control connection options such port and agent forwarding for your users without requiring `sftd` to manage the Server.
```

> This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_admin`, `server_admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_admin` or `server_admin`.
```

#### Request path parameters

| Parameter | Type        | Description   |
| --------- | ----------- | ------------- |
| `project_name`   | string | The Project name. |
| `team_name`   | string | The name of your Team. |

#### Request query parameters

This endpoint has no query parameters.

#### Request body

This endpoint requires an object with the following fields.
| Properties | Type        | Description          |
|----------|-------------|----------------------|

> | `access_address`   | string | The access address of the Server. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `access_address`   | string | The access address of the Server |
```
Please do this for all `access_address` table entries in this section.

| `state`   | string | Can be either `ACTIVE` or `INACTIVE`. |
| `team_name`   | string | The name of the Team. |

#### Usage example

##### Request

```bash
curl -v -X POST \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${jwt}" \
--data '{
	"access_address": "1.2.3.4",
	"alt_names": [
		"bastion"
	],
	"hostname": "bastion.dev.com"
}' \
https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/projects/${project_name}/servers
```

##### Response

```json
{
	"access_address": null,
	"alt_names": null,
	"bastion": null,
	"broker_host_certs": null,
	"canonical_name": null,
	"cloud_provider": null,
	"deleted_at": "0001-01-01T00:00:00Z",
	"hostname": "bastion.dev.com",
	"id": "764a2337-b326-46f9-a3ae-11949145bae0",
	"instance_details": null,
	"last_seen": "0001-01-01T00:00:00Z",
	"managed": false,
	"os": "",
	"os_type": null,
	"project_name": "the-sound-and-the-fury",
	"registered_at": "0001-01-01T00:00:00Z",
	"services": [],
	"sftd_version": null,
	"ssh_host_keys": null,
	"state": "ACTIVE",
	"team_name": "william-faulkner"
}
```
### Fetch a Server object

<ApiOperation method="GET" url="https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/projects/${project_name}/servers/${server_id}" />

> Fetch the details of a Server in a Project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fetches the details of a Server in a Project
```

> This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_user`, `access_admin`, `server_admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_user`, `access_admin`, or `server_admin`.
```

| `ssh_host_keys`   | array | The host keys used to authenticate the Server. |
| `state`   | string | Can be either `ACTIVE` or `INACTIVE`. |
| `team_name`   | string | The name of the Team. |

#### Usage example

##### Request

```bash
curl -v -X GET \
-H "Authorization: Bearer ${jwt}" \
https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/projects/${project_name}/servers/${server_id}
```

##### Response

```json
{
	"access_address": null,
	"alt_names": null,
	"bastion": null,
	"broker_host_certs": null,
	"canonical_name": null,
	"cloud_provider": null,
	"deleted_at": "0001-01-01T00:00:00Z",
	"hostname": "harvard",
	"id": "82957cc2-9be9-4b9f-87c4-70d237322972",
	"instance_details": null,
	"last_seen": "0001-01-01T00:00:00Z",
	"managed": true,
	"os": "Ubuntu 16.04",
	"os_type": "linux",
	"project_name": "the-sound-and-the-fury",
	"registered_at": "0001-01-01T00:00:00Z",
	"services": [
		"ssh"
	],
	"sftd_version": "1.44.4",
	"ssh_host_keys": null,
	"state": "INACTIVE",
	"team_name": "william-faulkner"
}
```
### Remove a Server from a Project

<ApiOperation method="DELETE" url="https://app.scaleft.com/v1/teams/${team_name}/projects/${project_name}/servers/${server_id}" />

> Remove a Server from a Project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removes a Server from a Project
```

> This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_admin`, `server_admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint requires one of the following roles: `access_admin` or `server_admin`.
```
